Add FileSessionConfAdvisor to manage session level configuration (#3742)
apache/incubator-kyuubi: docs/deployment/settings.md

kyuubi.session.check.interval|PT5M|The check interval for session timeout.|duration|1.0.0
kyuubi.session.conf.advisor|&lt;undefined&gt;|A config advisor plugin for Kyuubi Server. This plugin can provide some custom configs for different user or session configs and overwrite the session configs before open a new session. This config value should be a class which is a child of 'org.apache.kyuubi.plugin.SessionConfAdvisor' which has zero-arg constructor.|string|1.5.0
kyuubi.session.conf.ignore.list||A comma separated list of ignored keys. If the client connection contains any of them, the key and the corresponding value will be removed silently during engine bootstrap and connection setup. Note that this rule is for server-side protection defined via administrators to prevent some essential configs from tampering but will not forbid users to set dynamic configurations via SET syntax.|seq|1.2.0

> kyuubi.session.conf.profile|&lt;undefined&gt;|Specify a profile to load session-level configurations from `$KYUUBI_CONF_DIR/kyuubi-session-<profile>.conf`. If the file does not exist, error log will be printed. This configuration only has effect when `kyuubi.session.conf.advisor` is set as `org.apache.kyuubi.session.FileSessionConfAdvisor`.|string|1.7.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kyuubi.session.conf.profile|&lt;undefined&gt;|Specify a profile to load session-level configurations from `$KYUUBI_CONF_DIR/kyuubi-session-<profile>.conf`. This configuration will be ignored if the file does not exist. This configuration only has effect when `kyuubi.session.conf.advisor` is set as `org.apache.kyuubi.session.FileSessionConfAdvisor`.|string|1.7.0
```
